[DOC-10386][DOC-11063] Update Plan a Standard Cluster, Cloud landing page (#18930)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/basic-cluster-management.md

## Edit cluster capacity

> The price-performance characteristics of CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.basic }} vary significantly depending on the workload. It can be difficult to estimate a workload's compute requirements in advance. To increase or decrease a cluster's capacity:

Reviewer: @mdlinville there is a mismatch here. Cluster capacity is relevant only to Standard, not Basic.

Reviewer: Basic is on-demand so there's no capacity setting.

> The price-performance characteristics of CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.basic }} vary significantly depending on the workload. It can be difficult to estimate a workload's compute requirements in advance. To increase or decrease a cluster's capacity:

Author: ```suggestion
The price-performance characteristics of CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.basic }} vary significantly depending on the workload. It can be difficult to estimate a workload's compute requirements in advance. With {{ site.data.products.basic }}, by default compute and storage scale with your cluster's needs, but you can limit a cluster's resource usage:
```

1. In the **Capacity used this month** section of your cluster's [**Overview** page]({% link cockroachcloud/cluster-overview-page.md %}), click **Update capacity**.

> 1. On the **Capacity** page, edit the resource limits. In the sidebar, click **Update cluster**.

Reviewer: @mdlinville this part, editing resource limits, looks right for Basic
